Add how checkout block processes an order to the repo docs (#8240)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/third-party-developers/extensibility/README.md

In addition to the reference material below, [please see the `block-checkout` package documentation](../../../packages/checkout/README.md) which is used to extend checkout with Filters, Slot Fills, and Inner Blocks.

| Document                                                                                         | Description                                                                                                       |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [How the Checkout Block processes an order](./checkout-block/how-checkout-processes-an-order.md) | The `IntegrationInterface` class and how to use it to register scripts, styles, and data with WooCommerce Blocks. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [How the Checkout Block processes an order](./checkout-block/how-checkout-processes-an-order.md) | The detailed inner workings of the Checkout Flow. |
```

I think you missed updating the description here. 🙂

Author: good spot, thanks Tarun!
